Wow.
We've done a lot of things in this section, so we've actually built from scratch an awesome app, a
weather forecast app with a lot of screens, as you see.
So congratulations for getting to this point.
And I'm very excited that you were here and that you stuck with it and you got this done.
So a lot of moving parts, and I hope you found it helpful and I hope you were inspired to continue
learning more about Compose again.
He learned a lot to learn more about Compose.
Of course, you learn about defending rejection and clean architecture, using a few models, repositories
and different ways of thinking about putting together your apps, which is very helpful.
You'll learn about Broom database, how to save data into a database and retrieve that data right?
And do all the operations, crud operations, create, read, update, delete and so forth.
And of course, we'll learn how to use Retrofit, which allows us to do all those HTTP calls and and
get to Jason and create objects that we can then use in our apps that represent that data.
And I would like to thank you for taking the time to go through this section to go through this part
of building this full fledged application.
And as always, I would like to invite you to continue working on this application or something similar
to this, because now you have the tools that will allow you to actually go and do more work, right?
Build applications that you want to build.
All right.
Thank you so much again, and I'll see you next time.